src/pages/about.mdx, before:

import Layout from '../components/layout'
export default Layout

# About

We want to make development for the web
[visual](https://johno.com/jsx-as-a-design-tool-data-structure).
So, we're building a tool, Blocks, that can:

- read in source code
- edit the code visually
- returns modified source code
- can be extended and used by other projects

It's still in the very early stages of development, but Blocks
is being built in a way where different layers of the library
can be used in different ways by projects with varying needs.

**Need something lower level to manipulate JSX in your own design
or development tool?** Use the babel transforms and queries.

**Do you want your own components in the editor?** Build your
own Blocks and pass them to the editor.

**Do you want to drastically customize the UI?** Eventually you
will be able to use the plugin system (it's currently in the
planning phases).

**Do you use Bootstrap, Bulma, or some other CSS library rather
than Theme UI?** Build your own components and expose your own
controls!

## Authors

- [John Otander](https://johno.com)
- [Brent Jackson](https://jxnblk.com)
- [Chris Biscardi](https://christopherbiscardi.com)
- [... our wonderful contributors](https://github.com/blocks/blocks/graphs/contributors)

## Thanks

- **[Prior art](/prior-art/)**: Blocks didn't come out of a vacuum
- **[Uses](/uses/)**: Tools that Blocks uses
- **[Gatsby](https://gatsbyjs.org)**: For incubating Blocks development
- **[Florian Kissling](https://twitter.com/fk)**: For the logo

Commit message:

Add vision link to about page

src/pages/about.mdx, after:

import Layout from '../components/layout'
export default Layout

# About

We want to make development for the web
[visual](https://johno.com/jsx-as-a-design-tool-data-structure).
So, we're building a tool, Blocks, that can:

- read in source code
- edit the code visually
- returns modified source code
- can be extended and used by other projects

It's still in the very early stages of development, but Blocks
is being built in a way where different layers of the library
can be used in different ways by projects with varying needs.

**Need something lower level to manipulate JSX in your own design
or development tool?** Use the babel transforms and queries.

**Do you want your own components in the editor?** Build your
own Blocks and pass them to the editor.

**Do you want to drastically customize the UI?** Eventually you
will be able to use the plugin system (it's currently in the
planning phases).

**Do you use Bootstrap, Bulma, or some other CSS library rather
than Theme UI?** Build your own components and expose your own
controls!

[Read about the vision of the project &rarr;](/vision)

## Authors

- [John Otander](https://johno.com)
- [Brent Jackson](https://jxnblk.com)
- [Chris Biscardi](https://christopherbiscardi.com)
- [... our wonderful contributors](https://github.com/blocks/blocks/graphs/contributors)

## Thanks

- **[Prior art](/prior-art/)**: Blocks didn't come out of a vacuum
- **[Uses](/uses/)**: Tools that Blocks uses
- **[Gatsby](https://gatsbyjs.org)**: For incubating Blocks development
- **[Florian Kissling](https://twitter.com/fk)**: For the logo
